Difference between Java and Python.
Difference between Statically Typed and Dynamically Typed.
What is a Virtual Machine?
What is the Internet?
What is the difference between Validation testing and Verification testing?
Differences between analog vs digital.
Differences between AC and DC.
What is digital signal processing?
What is the Fourier Transform?
What does FFT stand for?
What is a protocol?
What is a port?
What is a socket?
What is a server?
What’s the difference between LAN and WAN?
What is a host?
What is Dial Up?
What is DSL (Digital Subscriber Line)?
What is HFC (cable internet)?
What is FTTH (Fiber To The Home)?
What is pickling and unpickling in Python?  Also known as (sterilization, flattening, marshaling)
How is Python interpreted?
How does Python manage memory?
What is a namespace in Python?
What is lambda in Python?
What are special methods, dunder methods, and magic methods?
What is an iterator?
What is a generator?
When would an iterator be useful?
What is the assert keyword?
What it slicing in Python?
How can you copy an object in Python?
What is the difference between xrange and range?
What is a folder and module?
What does the // operator do in Python?
What does the yield keyword do?
What does the raise keyword do?
What does the finally keyword do?
What is the difference between nonlocal and global?
What is JTAG (Joint Test Action Group)?
What is MIDS?
What is Corelis?
What is Boundary Scan?
What is MIDS-JTRS?
What is link 16?
What is BATS-D?
What is TACAN (Tactical Air Navigation System)?
What is checksum?
What is the Transport Layer?
UDP VS TCP?
What is FTP?
What is Layering?
Will 125.47.32.170/25  and  125.47.32.53/25 be able to ping each other?
What is the valid IP Range of 125.47.32.170/25?
What is the valid IP Range of 200.23.16.92/22?
What is subnetting?
Divide 192.168.5.0/24 into 4 subnets.
How does your web scrapper work?
How does your face detection software work?
How did you make your x86 assembly website?
Tell me about your ride sharing website?
Why did you decide to create this ride-sharing website?
How does the ride-sharing website work?
What are some constraints to your website?
What were some of your interface requirements?
What where some functional requirements?
What were some of the functional requirements?
What where some Software System Attributes?
How did you come up with the architecture?
Could you have used MVC?
How did you test your website?
How did you manage your time?
What were the inputs and outputs of the heuristic function?
What is mini max?
What is alpha-beta pruning?
Tell me about your robotics experience.
Tell me about digital and analog pins in an Arduino.
What is current (Amps)?
What is voltage?
How do you manage your time?
What is your biggest weakness?
What is the equation for a wave not moving?